feat: add new flags to allow migration of OwnerID (#4823)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/registry/txt.md

rate limits imposed by the provider.

Caching is enabled by specifying a cache duration with the `--txt-cache-interval` flag.

## Owner migration

> It is possible to migrate the owner of your records when using the TXT registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v0.16, it is possible to migrate the owner of your records when using the TXT registry.
```

> Simply use the following flags when setting up your instance : `--migrate-txt-owner`, which is the boolean enabling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can use the following flags when setting up your instance : `--migrate-txt-owner`, which is the boolean enabling
```
words like "simple" can be offensive. It's recommended to avoid them.

rate limits imposed by the provider.

Caching is enabled by specifying a cache duration with the `--txt-cache-interval` flag.

## OwnerID migration

> If you wish to update the owner ID of the TXT records managed by your external-dns instance,
> you can set the following flags: `--migrate-txt-owner`, which will enable the migration checks
> in the run loop, `--txt-owner-id=new-owner-id` and `--from-txt-owner=old-owner-id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The owner ID of the TXT records managed by external-dns instance can be updated.

When `--migrate-txt-owner` is set, it will enable the migration checks
in the run loop using `--txt-owner-id=new-owner-id` and `--from-txt-owner=old-owner-id`.
```

If `--migrate-txt-owner` is set, `--from-txt-owner` is mandatory.

Example, if you had a standard deployment like so:

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: external-dns
spec:
  replicas: 1
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: external-dns
  strategy:
    type: Recreate
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: external-dns
    spec:
      serviceAccountName: external-dns
      containers:
      - name: external-dns

>         image: registry.k8s.io/external-dns/external-dns:v0.18.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        image: registry.k8s.io/external-dns/external-dns:v0.19.0
```

        imagePullPolicy: Always
        args:
        - "--txt-prefix=%{record_type}-"
        - "--txt-cache-interval=2m"
        - "--log-level=debug"
        - "--log-format=text"
        - "--txt-owner-id=old-owner"
        - "--policy=sync"
        - "--provider=some-provider"
        - "--registry=txt"
        - "--interval=1m"
        - "--source=ingress"
```

You can update your deployment to migrate like so :

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: external-dns
spec:
  replicas: 1
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: external-dns
  strategy:
    type: Recreate
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: external-dns
    spec:
      serviceAccountName: external-dns
      containers:
      - name: external-dns
        imagePullPolicy: Always

>         image: registry.k8s.io/external-dns/external-dns:v0.18.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        image: registry.k8s.io/external-dns/external-dns:v0.19.0
```
